Well let me first show you the app we're going to build in this section.
It will cover a lot of the coord topics all face on it too.
So you're going to learn a lot including different ways of navigating around and a lot of the components.
I own two ships with you currently see a pretty empty screen here and that is normal because this app
allows us to store our favorite quotes.
And right now we don't have any.
We can't go to the library though and there we are able to pick up from one of the many categories we
have here.
So let's take a motivational quote for example.
Here we see two quotes and we can choose one.
I really like this one here so let's favorite it.
We get an alert that acts as if we really want to favorite it.
I'll pick Yes.
And after that you see that I could now unfavored it but I can also go back to my favorites and here
you see this is my favorite quote.
I can take a closer look to see the full quote here.
And I can also unfavorite here auratus close that model.
And we also get some settings.
Well pretty basic settings but here we can switch to background to be an alternative background.
And if I go back to the quotes now you see the color changed a bit.
It's more in the orange yellowish direction now instead of the green we had before.
You can see it if I switch it back.
Now we're back to green.
So let me unfavorite this quote disappears.
And you can also see that here it's no longer saying unfavorite.
Instead I can favorite it again.
This is a quote we're going to build.
So as you can see we get a lot of different pages.
We're using tabs.
We're using this site navigation here.
We're storing some state our settings and which quotes you currently like.
We're fetching some data to display the quotes here we're showing a list.
We're using Aikins.
We're using modals we're using dialogue's a lot of things are getting used here.
So definitely something which really allows us to play around with.
I want to dive deeply into it.
Let's start